feat(react-native): Add `@sentry/wizard` to Expo guide (#10614)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/react-native/manual-setup/expo.mdx

- [Migrate from `sentry-expo` to `@sentry/react-native`](/platforms/react-native/migration/sentry-expo/).
- [Sign up for an account](https://sentry.io/signup/).

## Automatic Install

> [Sentry Wizard](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-wizard) will patch your project automatically, though you can follow the [Manual Install](./#manual-install) if you prefer. You only need to patch the project once. Then you can add the patched files to your version control system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [Sentry Wizard](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-wizard) to patch your project automatically, as shown below. Alternatively, you can follow the [Manual Install](./#manual-install) if you prefer. You only need to patch the project once. Then, you can add the patched files to your version control system.
```

```bash {tabTitle:npm}
npx @sentry/wizard@latest -i reactNative
```

> 

Reviewer 2: does it make sense to add a `The following tasks will be performed by the Sentry Wizard` section similar to the [main getting started docs](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/react-native/#install)?

Reviewer 2: also maybe add a link to the #verify-setup section

Reviewer 3: +1 to that.

Author: The link to verify setup is not necessary, the wizard prompts users to verify the setup and collect information about success/failure.

Author: The list of what wizard docs totally make sense, I'll add it, thank you.
